---
layout: default
title: History
prev_section: credits
weight: 10
---

h2. History

h3. 1.2 / 2015-04-19

h4. Additions

* Added Hillclimb stand alone add on
* Added Rossi alternative HiTech livery
* Added Provenzano altertnative Trident livery

h4. Enhancements

* New graphic buttons
* New preview screens
* Adjusted tire and wheel rim shaders
* Adjusted tire slip curve
* Adjusted suspension geometry
* Rainlight default to off
* Added rearlight options to "your car" folder
* Adjusted driver hands
* Adjusted and changed digital display output on steering wheel
* Optimized lods for better fps
* Updated and adjusted sounds for version 1.1.5 of AC

h4. Bug Fixes

* Fixed aero to be compatible with version 1.1.5 of AC
* Fixed collider pivot point
* Fixed TC and ABS to default off
* Fixed Seatbelt mesh
* Fixed cockpit carbon shader
* Fixed AO layer on wc car extra (sidepods and wings)
* Fixed sound.ini error log
* Fixed digital instruments.ini error log
* Fixed aero log issues
* Fixed and eliminated the green bar at end of digital led display on the steering wheel
* Fixed white box pop-in graphics bug issue on the front and back rims of the lods

h3. 1.1 / 2015-02-14

h4. Enhancements

* Shaders updated to latest release standards.
* Update to ui screen to reflect physic's corrections.
* Fixed hand animation to include more frames.

h4. Bug Fixes

* Corrected aero and updated values.
* Corrected suspension and pick up points.
* Adjusted Steering Lock.
* Corrected drive train values.
* Corrected Geometry.
* Adjusted Engine Values.
* Adjusted Tyre values.

Special thanks to Dustin Kuchara (bobskype) for taking the time to help us correct these values and Yagami - Andre for helping with driver animation.

h4. Known issues

* None

h3. 1.0 / 2015-02-08

* Birthday!
